Implement QR Code Parser Service (#5134)
TheThingsNetwork/lorawan-stack: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Service to parse QRCodes and return the data within.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Service to parse QR codes and return the data within.
```

### Added
- Add configurable storage limit to device's DevNonce in the JoinServer. Can be configured using the option `js.dev-nonce-limit`.

> 
> - Service to parse QRCodes and return the data within.
>   - See the `Parse` RPC of the `QRCodeParser` service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Service to parse QR codes and return the data within.
  - See the `Parse` RPC of the `QRCodeParser` service.
```

Not sure if we need to mention rpc names in the changelog though
